Add database integration related templates and guides (#331)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: docs/learn/guides/database-integrations/data-backed-service/README.md

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Implementation](#implementation)
- [Testing](#testing)

## What you'll build

You'll build an employee data management REST service that performs CRUD Operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) on the MySQL database. Also, this guide walks you through the process of accessing relational data via the Ballerina language. The service will have the following functionalities.

* Add new employees to the database via HTTP POST method
* Retrieve details of an existing employee from the database via HTTP GET method
* Update an existing employee in the database via the HTTP PUT method

> * Delete an existing employee from the database via HTTP DELETE method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete an existing employee from the database via the HTTP DELETE method
```

    > _On Mac:_ `mysql-connector-java-8.x.x.jar -> ~/Library/Ballerina/ballerina-x.xx.x/bre/lib/`
    > _On Windows:_ `mysql-connector-java-8.x.x.jar -> C:\Program Files\Ballerina\ballerina-x.xx.x\bre\lib\`

## Implementation

> If you want to skip the basics, you can download the git repo and directly move to the `Testing` section by skipping the `Implementation` section.

1. Create a project.
 ```bash
 $ ballerina new data-backed-service
 ```

>  2. Move into the project directory and add a new module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Navigate to the project directory and add a new module.
```

 ```bash
 $ ballerina add data_backed_service_module
 ```

>  3. Add a ballerina.conf file and rename the bal files with meaningful names as shown in the project structure given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Add a ballerina.conf file and rename the .bal files with meaningful names as shown in the project structure given below.
```

| Age        | int(11)     | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
| SSN        | int(11)     | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
```

> The Ballerina code for the employee data service with resource functions to add, retrieve, update and delete employee data can be found in [employee_db_service.bal](src/data_backed_service_module/employee_db_service.bal).

Reviewer: Will this link work when we render it on the docs site?

``` 

- Add database configurations to the `ballerina.conf` file
   - `ballerina.conf` file can be used to provide external configurations to the Ballerina programs. Since this guide needs MySQL database integration, a Ballerina configuration file is used to provide the database connection properties to our Ballerina program.
   This configuration file has the following fields. Change these configurations with your connection properties accordingly.
```
DATABASE_URL = "jdbc:mysql://127.0.0.1:3306/EMPLOYEE_RECORDS"
DATABASE_USERNAME = "root"
DATABASE_PASSWORD = "root"
```

### Invoking the employee database service

Let’s build the module. Navigate to the project directory and execute the following command.

```bash
$ ballerina build data_backed_service_module
```

> The build command would create an executable jar file. Now run the jar file created in the above step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build command would create an executable .jar file. Now run the .jar file created in the above step.
```

```bash
$ java -jar target/bin/data_backed_service_module.jar
```

> - Now you can test the functionality of the employee database management RESTFul service by sending HTTP requests for each database operation. For example, this guide uses the cURL commands to test each operation of employeeService as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can test the functionality of the employee database management RESTFul service by sending HTTP requests for each database operation. For example, this guide uses the cURL commands to test each operation of the `employeeService` as follows.
```

### Writing unit tests 

In Ballerina, the unit test cases should be in the same module inside the folder named as `tests`.  When writing the test functions the below convention should be followed.
- Test functions should be annotated with `@test:Config {}`. See the below example.
```ballerina
   @test:Config {}
   function testAddEmployeeResource() {
   
   }
```
You can download the [employee_db_service_test.bal](src/data_backed_service_module/tests/employee_db_service_test.bal) sample, which contains unit test cases to test the resources available in the `employee_data_service` we implemented above.

To run the unit tests, go to the project directory and run the following command.

> Please note that `--b7a.config.file=path/to/file` option is required if it is needed to read configurations from a ballerina configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The `--b7a.config.file=path/to/file` option is required if it is needed to read configurations from a Ballerina configuration file.
```
